Add link to logging_demo repo (#3048)
ros2/ros2_documentation: source/Tutorials/Demos/Logging-and-logger-configuration.rst

Logging demo
------------

> In this `demo <https://github.com/ros2/demos/tree/master/logging_demo>`_, different types of log calls are shown and the severity level of different loggers is configured locally and externally.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this `demo <https://github.com/ros2/demos/tree/{REPOS_FILE_BRANCH}/logging_demo>`_, different types of log calls are shown and the severity level of different loggers is configured locally and externally.
```

(that way it will point to the correct branch for all ROS distributions)
